build anything with Devon 2.2. Devon 2.2
just dropped and it's wild. This AI
builds stuff for you. It writes the
code. It tests the code. It fixes the
code. You just watch it work. We're
building real stuff with it today. Let's
go. Today we're talking about Devon 2.2
and I'm going to show you exactly what
it can do, how to use it, and how we're
using it to grow the AI profit
boardroom. Stay with me because by the
end of this video, you're going to see
something that changes how you think
about building things online. Hey, if we
haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency, Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. Okay, so first, what is Devon?
Devon is an AI that works like a
developer, but not just any developer.
It writes code, then it runs the code,
then it checks the results, then if
something breaks, it fixes it all by
itself. No handholding, no babysitting.
Version 2.2 is the biggest update
they've done, and it's not just a small
tweak. This is a full rebuild. Here's
what changed. Number one, real computer
use. Old versions of Devon just
generated code and handed it to you.
Now, it actually uses a computer like a
real person. It clicks through
interfaces. It interacts with front-end
UI. It can test what a live page
actually looks like and feels like.
That's massive because most bugs don't
show up in the code. They show up when
you actually use the thing. Number two,
self-verification and autofix. So Devon
builds something then it runs it. If
something breaks, it doesn't stop and
wait for you. It figures out what went
wrong and fixes it. That loop build,
test, fix happens without you touching
anything. Number three, three times
faster startup. The whole interface was
rebuilt from scratch. It's faster. It's
cleaner. It actually makes sense now.
Number four, parallel sessions. You can
run multiple Devon agents at the same
time. Each one works on a different
task, different project, different
problem, all running in parallel. And
you can watch replays of exactly what
each agent did, step by step, so you
always know what happened and why.
Number five, free tier. You can try
Devon 2.2 for free. No excuses, no
credit card required to start. Here's
what I want you to understand. Most AI
tools help you do things faster. That's
great. But Devon is different. Devon
doesn't just help you. It does things.
There's a big difference between AI
helps me write faster and AI writes,
tests, deploys, and fixes an entire
project while I drink coffee. Think
about the AI profit boardroom. Our
community that helps entrepreneurs
automate their business with AI. We
create landing pages. We build email
sequences. We have systems and SOPs and
onboarding flows. Imagine telling Devon,
"Build me a new landing page for the AI
profit boardroom." It needs to show the
value of AI automation. It needs to
explain the community benefits. It needs
clear CTAs to get leads and signups.
Devon doesn't just write some HTML. It
builds the whole page. It tests it. It
checks if the buttons work. It checks if
it loads correctly. It fixes what's
broken. It shows you the result. That's
the kind of leverage that saves you
hours every single week. Or think about
testing your existing site. You could
say, "Go through every page on the AI
profit boardroom site and find what's
broken or slow." Devon would actually
click through every page like a real QA
tester and give you a full report.
That's what computer use AI unlocks.
Quick pause, real talk. If you want to
use AI tools like Devon to grow your
business, save time, and automate your
systems, that's exactly what we do
inside the AI profit boardroom. We break
down the best AI tools. We show you how
to actually use them for real business
results. We give you templates, prompts,
workflows, all built for people who want
to move fast and get results. You don't
need a tech background. You don't need
to be a developer. You just need to show
up and apply what we teach. Link is in
the description. Come join us. Now, back
to Devon. Okay, let's make this
practical. Step one, go to the Devon
website and sign up. There's a free
tier. Start there. Step two, create your
first session. You'll choose your
environment and describe what you want
Devon to build or do. Be specific. The
clearer your instructions, the better
the output. Here's an example prompt you
could use right now for the AI Profit
Boardroom. Build a landing page for AI
Profit Boardroom. The page should
explain what the community is, who it's
for, and why AI automation is the best
way to grow a business in 2025. Include
a headline, three benefit sections,
testimonial placeholders, and a CTA
button that says, "Join now." Make sure
the page loads fast, and looks clean on
mobile. That's a real prompt. You could
paste that in right now. Devon takes
your prompt, builds the page, tests it,
fixes any issues, and shows you the
result. Step three, turn on session
recording. This is important because now
you can go back and watch exactly what
Devon did. If you want to learn from it
or audit it, the replay is right there.
Step four, review the output. Look at
what was built. Check the code if you
want. Check the live result. Give Devon
feedback and let it iterate. Step five,
scale up. Once you're comfortable, run
multiple sessions in parallel. One agent
working on your landing page, another
building your onboarding email flow,
another auditing your existing content.
That's how you go from doing everything
yourself to running an actual AI powered
operation.
Let me give you some real examples, real
prompts, things you can copy and use.
Use case one, build a full AI automation
info page for the AI profit boardroom.
Prompt. Create a one-page website that
explains the AI profit boardroom.
include a hero section with headline and
sub headline, a what you get section
with three columns, a FAQ section with
five questions, and a footer with social
links. Design it in dark mode with a
blue and white color scheme. Devon
builds it, tests it, done. Use case two,
audit and fix your existing site.
Prompt: Check the AI profit boardroom
landing page for broken links, slow
loading images, missing alt text, and
any layout issues on mobile. Give me a
full report and fix what you can
automatically. A few things I've
learned. Give Devon clear instructions.
Don't say make a website. Say make a
landing page for X with these sections,
this style, these CTAs for this
audience. Include tests if you can. Tell
Devon what a successful result looks
like. The page should load under 2
seconds and all links should work. Now
Devon knows what to verify. Use parallel
sessions for big projects. Break your
project into chunks. One session per
chunk. Let them all run at once. Review
the replay every time, especially early
on. Watch what Devon did. You'll learn a
ton about how to prompt it better next
time. Iterate fast. Devon isn't perfect,
but it's fast. If something isn't right,
give feedback and let it fix it. Don't
try to do it manually. And remember,
Devon integrates with GitHub, Slack, and
Linear. So, if you're already using
those tools for your team, Devon fits
right in.
Devon 2.2 is a real step change in what
AI agents can do. It uses a computer
like a human. It builds, tests, and
fixes automatically. It's three times
faster than before. You can run multiple
sessions at once, and you can try it for
free today. For anyone building
something online, a community, a
service, a product, this is the kind of
tool that removes entire layers of work.
We're using it for the AI profit
boardroom, and it's already saving us
serious time. Two things before you go.
First, if you want to learn how to use
AI tools like Devon to build and
automate your business, come join us
inside the AI profit boardroom. We cover
the best tools, the best workflows, and
the best strategies for using AI to
grow. Link is in the description.
Second, if you want something completely
free, join the AI Success Lab. It's our
free community with over 40,000 members
who are all using AI to build better
businesses. You'll get the full notes
from this video, 100 plus AI use cases,
SOPs, and access to a community of
people who are actually doing this
stuff. Links in the comments and the
description. That's it for today. If
this was useful, hit subscribe, drop a
comment below. Julian reads every single
one, and I'll see you in the next one.
Word count bound to 500 words. Estimated
runtime 911